hi new game
it be touhou tower defense, like arknights, but cooler. as in, literally not just reskinned game.
i will add tons of customization. probably.
    well unfortunately i have to sleep
gotta figure out like, how to make enemies pathfind.
i guess i'd make it manual per map?
boo
i forgot to type here. i dunno i haven't been typing much like i used to
THATS ME WHEN UNITY KEEPS FREEZING.
fine, i'll close firefox.
well i guess i'm done for the day.
best get to actually drawing?!?! now...
me when i take 30 minutes to draw a badly drawn doodle
i wanna try animating a sprite now. luckily, i have kurogane's sheet lol
okay i have to figure out what to add. maybe abilities? or rather spellcards, we'd have multiple per tower.
since i'm obviously too stupid to be doing any of that today since i STALLED for so long to be game deving, lets just fix some animations. or rather sprites.
i forgot that only had one layer. what was i thinking...
screw it, i'll draw reisen.
hmmm maybe i'll work on outside of game stuff. like level selection and stuff?
i'm a little tired so i'll cut it right here for tonight, maybe i'll get some done tmrw
i just spent like 3 hours configuring gentoo lol so short one.
so basically
STOP MAKING SYSTEMS. RIGHT NOW.
i can make systems later. but right now? make the game playable.
i was gonna draw actual sprites but it's way too late for that rn i'll just focus on whatever i can to make the game look more playable rn. hopefully i can convice myself to game dev when i wake up tmrw.
dude i should make like a buff and debuff icon that displays ontop of enemies!! it'd look so awesome!!

TODO
- add a level and map system
- add a vn system
- add spellcards, these can be big attacks, buffs, or whatever else.
- figure out how unlocking towers will work
- add more stuff to make this game unique from arknights
- figure out customization
    + maybe like, towers can graze bullets, enemies would fire actual danmaku? but i dunno...
    + perhaps also like, specific tower combos give buffs?
    + maybe maybe also support item buffs, like you could have alice with dolls that you can constantly place, or yukari with gaps that summon a tower that moves through the path? . i dunno.
    + each tower could have different spellcards the player can choose to have with them.
    + each tower could also have a focus and scatter mode. for either single target or multi target damage. maybe chosen before or maybe maybe during the game
        = think it should only be chosen before a game. it'd be a larger range, but less damage, but more multi target (like maybe a overlap circle on the closest target)
    + maybe also equipables for towers?? that'd be pretty cool i think
    + and maybe also units can choose a subclass??? maaybe....
- add more towers, this is DRAWING and you're LAZY sylvia.
- add animations for towers. you'll need one for instantiation, idle, firing, casting a spellcard, and defeat.


IDEAS
- Spellcards
    + Reimu
        = 
    + Marisa
        = maybe like one where she makes power based on amount of hits?
    + Reisen
        = spellcard that stuns enemies from lunacy
    + Youmu
        =
    + Kurogane
        =
    + Aya
        =
    + Momiji
        =
    + 
- Classses
    + Summoner Class
        = maybe like alice periodically summons a bunch of dolls that move through the path
TOWERS
Sanae - Healer
Yukari - Support????
